[Music]
I think Stephenson's evidence is really
a strong evidence for some type of
continuity of an awareness from Lifetime
to Lifetime especially his last two book
which was a two volume book on
philosophy and bi on reincarnation and
biology in which he studied
1787 cases of children who not only had
psychological recall from their previous
lifetime but actually bore the marks in
their body in the form of birth marks uh
which replicated wounds of death in the
previous Incarnation so somehow it was
as if Consciousness had been traumatized
in such a way that it not only imprinted
on subsequent mind but it imprinted on
the body of subsequent mind so after
looking at this data a lot I think what
it tells us is we have information in
our mind at predates this body